# Blog API

This is a FastAPI-based API for a blog platform.

## Running the application

### Development Environment

To develop the application, it is recommended to use the provided DevContainer with a supported IDE like VS Code. This will ensure a consistent development environment.

1.  Install the [Dev Containers extension](httpss://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) in VS Code.
2.  Open the project folder in VS Code.
3.  When prompted, click on "Reopen in Container".

Once inside the dev container, you can run the application with hot-reloading:

```bash
uvicorn app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --reload
```

### Docker Compose

You can also run the application using Docker Compose:

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:8000`.

## API Documentation

The API documentation is automatically generated by FastAPI and is available at the following endpoints when the application is running:

*   **Swagger UI:** [/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs)
*   **ReDoc:** [/redoc](http://localhost:8000/redoc)

## Environment Variables

The application requires certain environment variables to be set. A sample `.env-copy` file is provided. Rename it to `.env` and fill in the required values.

```bash
cp .env-copy .env
```

The following variables need to be set in the `.env` file:

*   `DATABASE_URL`: The connection string for the PostgreSQL database.
*   `JWT_SECRET_KEY`: A secret key for signing JWTs.
*   `JWT_ALGORITHM`: The algorithm used for JWTs (e.g., HS256).
*   `ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES`: The expiration time for access tokens in minutes.
*  `CLOUD_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING`: The cloud storage connection string
* `REDIS_URL`: The connection string for the redis database service.
* `CLOUD_STORAGE_CONTAINER_NAME`: The name of the storage where the files are saved.

## Testing
Open the terminal and run `pytest`
